now turn this mother fucker up I'm back
up in this bitch asylum load up he's
pussy nigga saying I'm saying my nigga
so what I make any haters throw up yeah
that's right I got a city I took
everything you had our show buzzing in
your bitch I'm backing up focused on
working I know you niggas nervous
putting up in her sins with your verses
I'm inserting niggas acting like times I
closed the curtains own a circus bad
pitching you notice you down she just
are just watching working I'm back up on
my shit now I did one of these let me
stop me fake niggas hit my meeting real
nigga saying they got me now that's love
said that Arizona rotor dubbing I could
give a fuck about anything separate
scrub ass nigga me get my people
striving try to get rich it's ok and
they got the figures I ain't holla
saying with your word the airline tryna
turn this cameras to a picture with my
scripture so you either get lost are
getting with us I swear the shit is like
beyond rap and I turned their music up
and catch you can untag don't really
need to say it ain't no I'm back
straight out the 90s it's no wonder why
i'm all that i swear the shit it's like
y'all ready
and I turned i'm using up and catch your
contact don't really need to say it
ain't no I'm back straight out the
nineties it's no wonder why me I thought
I was done so that i wouldn't be back
again to get expelled urban we pass
another so guys niggas don't pass it
over joe for the packing I got no choice
I have to win this rail then every day
that shit is getting really translate
for couple verses as he chose we see
killers if you wanted you can get it
know y'all ain't gon catch me slippin
everybody is drawing near who the fuck
on the pavement if you got a Pippin now
who the fuck on beginners did I gotta
get it I'm just addicted to winning it's
been that time with these bitches with
the freakiest intentions let me hit it
in the random got a no because she
waited she better keep it quiet word
around as he be trippin but if niggas
wanna get ill during this ill that we
gonna be getting usually I'll be telling
loud rolled up in them swishes house up
over the building I tell me who fucking
with us I swear the shit is like me i'm
not sure i'm using up and catch your
contact don't really need to say it they
know i'm back straight out tonight is
this I wonder why I'm all that
I swear the shit is like beyond rap I
turn everything up and catchy contact
don't really need to say it ain't no I'm
back straight out the nineties some
wonder why my last week I thought was
done then I would be back again you
kinda game you think you wanna back to
the veteran wise against something I
thought I was done though that I'm gonna
be back again behind again you thinking
you want us back to the vitriol s again